Update conditions and messages of 22N51, 42N00, 42N11, 25N05, and 42N39 (#282)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/errors/gql-errors/index.adoc

Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid nesting of quantified path patterns. Quantified path patterns cannot be nested.

=== xref:errors/gql-errors/42I13.adoc[42I13]

> label:new[Changed in 2025.03]

Author: is this true?

Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid nesting of quantified path patterns. Quantified path patterns cannot be nested.

=== xref:errors/gql-errors/42I13.adoc[42I13]
label:new[Changed in 2025.03]

> Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid number of procedure or function arguments. The procedure or function call does not provide the required number of arguments; expected `{ <<count1>> }` but got `{ <<count2>> }`. The procedure or function `{ <<procFun>> }` has the signature: `{ <<sig>> }`.

Author: ```suggestion
Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid number of procedure or function arguments. The procedure or function call does not provide the required number of arguments; expected `{ <<count>>1 }` but got `{ $count2 }`. The procedure or function `{ <<procFun>> }` has the signature: `{ <<sig>> }`.
```

Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - no longer valid syntax. `{ <<msg>> }`

=== xref:errors/gql-errors/42N00.adoc[42N00]
label:new[Changed in 2025.03]

> Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - graph reference not found. The database `{ <<db>> }` was not found. Verify that the spelling is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status description:: error: syntax error or access rule violation - graph reference not found. A graph reference with the name `{ <<db>> }` was not found. Verify that the spelling is correct.
```

Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - database is busy. Cannot compile query due to excessive updates to indexes and constraints.

> [role=label--changed-2025.03]

Author: ```suggestion
```

=== xref:errors/gql-errors/51N26.adoc[51N26]

Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - not supported in this version. `{ <<item>> }` is not available. This implementation of Cypher does not support `{ <<feat>> }`.

> === xref:errors/gql-errors/51N27.adoc[51N27]

Author: ```suggestion
[role=label--changed-2025.03]
=== xref:errors/gql-errors/51N27.adoc[51N27]
```
